My name is JahNoah! I am so glad you could make it. This is my first, and assuredly not the last, blog post. I figured it would be nice to outline below some of what one may expect to gain from my blog. Be it entertainment or information, and irrespective of the digital medium, dear visitor, I aim to encourage and inspire you to kindly pursue the best version of yourself, appreciate others and the world around you, and make sure to go out and play!







Welcome to my website!



The introduction paragraph contains the abstract essence, but what may one actually come to expect? Well, anything! I know, I know, but, true creative expression has no limits. 







Table of Contents




Boundaries



Mediums



Topics



Visitors



Zest




Boundaries











There are a few soft boundaries for this website and its content. For starters, I plan to mainly focus on content suitable for all ages, with PG-13+ material being flagged as such, should the need arise. Should there be any boundaries at all, they would likely be inherited from my everyday life, which is the source of inspiration for this entire site to begin with. Promote peace, no violence, spread truth, love, and goodness, no hateful statements allowed, etc. These are not rules per se, more like guidelines I choose to live by. Have I ever spake an untruth? Yup, though often incidentally. I have surely fibbed before. Have I ever been violent without necessity? Well, I suppose having swatted more than just a few insects in my day should count. The point is, I am being intentional about applying these same guidelines to the content I publish to this site. Though I am not perfect, I strive to be better with every passing moment. I am not attempting to depict myself as someone I am not, or portray some wholly unflawed version of myself the way much of corporate culture would demand. As such, there are no rigid criteria for what this site must or can not be.







Mediums







My avenues for creative expression are as varied as my many modes of observation. While my physical body is limited, there is no finity in the ways I am able to observe one tree as it rustles in the breeze. As are infinite the ways I may describe a gust of wind rolling over my neighborhood’s townscape, a ripple of whales in the ocean, or the electrifying sensation of the air dancing across my skin, gleefully coaxing the hairs on my arm to join in the parade. I could paint you a landscape of wiggly greens or a picture of the wind itself, spin words into a bouquet of sound, giving life to otherwise benign vibrations, or tell you about the inspiration the breeze may bring. Perhaps needless to say, there has been quite a lot of wind passing through my area over these recent days. Coupled with my academic training which encourages making maximal use of every detail to stretch what could have been a two sentence summation into fifteen pages of expository, I found it difficult to resist holding back on my word garble. Among other factors, it happens to be well past my bedtime at the moment. Perhaps future me will edit this word garble into something more concise and comprehensible. Perhaps not. To provide the intended bit of information for this section, I plan on using this site to publish blogs, articles and journal entries, photo collages and galleries, videos, music, drawings, handmade crafts, skits or scripted content, and more. Truly, only Jah Knows…







Topics



After spending so much time on the prior section, I feel like making this explanation brief, then decompressing from my day with some intentional breathing and cozying into bed. The topics will simply be what ever I happen to be interested in at the time of production. My interests are all over the place. I may pull from an indiscreet range of topics from architecture in the animal kingdom (think ant hills, termite mounds, beaver dams) to human digestive biota to nuclear fusion to the sociology of dance. I do not claim expertise in any scientific capacity. Like any other person, stuff piques my interest and I study using the resources available to me. And if the curiosity is compelling enough, I may put in a little extra effort to procure what I need for further pursuit. I would be happy to receive suggestions on what to study and present next. If I am both interested and inspired, a few hours of rabbit hole excavation is inevitable. Hope you enjoy the surprise of what comes next. Not even I know!







Visitors



You are a visitor. Well, you who are writing this is… also a visitor… anyway, I thank you for stopping by. For the time being, until some misguided abuser comes along to mess it up for everybody, the comments are open to all who would like to leave one. Please leave feedback, share your thoughts and/or reflections,  or interact with others by replying to their posts and starting/continuing the conversation. Explore to your heart’s content using the categories, topics and tags attached to each blog. Want to see only one particular medium, such as videos or photographs? Use the filters on the main page, or click a tag to be shown more similar content. You are encouraged to create a free account, with which you may access member exclusive features such as personalized updates, comment management, custom avatars, raffles and special limited offers. More perks are coming soon, so sign up now before you miss out! Membership is both optional and free, however for those who wish to support me with some fiat funds I will have a paid option with a few extra special goodies for ya along as an expression of gratitude for your contribution. Do not feel forced to contribute in this way. Simply stopping by and perusing the site is plenty awesome of you, and leaving an uplifting comment is more than enough to earn my gratitude. Many thanks.







Zest



Unrelated to the topic at hand, I really wanted to conclude with a ‘Z’ word. No need to be concerned as to why. Anyway, I am a pleased native Floridian having found one so citrusy and surprisingly fitting. Just take a look at the definition:



(zĕst)1n.




Definition One

Flavor or piquancy: a spice that lends zest to the sauce.



Interest or excitement: “A spiral staircase always adds zest to a setting” (P. J. O’Rourke).



The outermost part of the rind of an orange, lemon, or other citrus fruit, used as flavoring: added a pinch of grated zest.





Definition Two

Spirited enjoyment; gusto: “At 53 he retains all the heady zest of adolescence” (Kenneth Tynan).





https://www.thefreedictionary.com/zest ↩︎


The word, as does the flavor, contains sparks of excitement and curiosity both in sound and meaning. I feel that zest is not something to be incorporated as a premeditated feature, but is more of a result of authenticity and passion being the driving force behind the production of any content I choose to upload here. May you be well on your journey, traveler. Please do come again. Till next time!
